What's up?
Who is missing with your child?
How come?
The doctor said he was in a long-term mood
Qi and blood loss
The body can't take it
So I can't keep you
I really don't understand what he wants
I arranged everything for him
his younger brother
I took care of his brother's affairs for him
Why would he do that?
Do you know why he feels foreseeable?
You just keep transmitting your thoughts
Didn't take into account his feelings at all
I don't know.
You like him?
I don't like it, I don't like it, why do you think so much?
I'm just worried about my kids.
You weren't like this before
Now a child is holding you back
Since the child is gone, I have cut off contact with him
If you like him, you should set him free
If it's in your hands
It would be worse
Think about your company.
Disconnected from him
Only good for you
Everyone has an explanation for their families
For a woman
Give up all this
Not worth it.